Update readme with usage instructions (#520)
Financial-Times/x-dash: components/x-live-blog-wrapper/readme.md

> # x-liveblog-wrapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# x-live-blog-wrapper
```

> # x-liveblog-wrapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# x-live-blog-wrapper
```

> This module displays a list of live blog posts using `x-live-blog-post` component. Also handles live updates on the live blog.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module displays a list of live blog posts using `x-live-blog-post` component. It also connects to an event stream which provides updates for the list. Based on these update events this component will add, remove and update `x-live-blog-post` components in the list.   
```

This will test if I have been following discussions correctly and understood the component :)

## Installation

This module is compatible with Node 10+ and is distributed on npm.

```bash

> npm install --save @financial-times/x-liveblog-wrapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save @financial-times/x-live-blog-wrapper
```

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import { LiveBlogWrapper } from '@financial-times/x-live-blog-wrapper';

// A == B == C
const a = LiveBlogWrapper(props);
const b = <LiveBlogWrapper {...props} />;
const c = React.createElement(LiveBlogWrapper, props);
```

All `x-` components are designed to be compatible with a variety of runtimes, not just React. Check out the [`x-engine`][engine] documentation for a list of recommended libraries and frameworks.

[jsx-wtf]: https://jasonformat.com/wtf-is-jsx/

### Server side rendering and hydrating
When rendering this component at the server side, hydration data must be rendered to the document using `Serialiser` and `HydrationData` components which are provided by `x-interaction`.

> To be able to successfully hydrate this component at the client side, `id` property **must** be provided when rendering it at the server side. `x-interaction` will add this id to the markup in `data-x-dash-id` property. This property can later be used to identify the markup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To successfully hydrate this component at the client side, the `id` property **must** be provided when rendering it at the server side. `x-interaction` will add this id to the markup as a `data-x-dash-id` attribute. This property can later be used to identify the markup.
```

> Consuming app needs to ensure that the `id` is unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The consuming app needs to ensure that the `id` is unique.
```

or

```suggestion
Consuming apps needs to ensure that the `id` is unique.
```
